hi guys this is fair media and today I
show you how to edit the text in a
cinema 4d template at first you choose
your favorite template for example this
one and I post the download link in the
description click here and on the
download link you see my website and you
can download the template then you open
the zip file and choose a cinema 4d now
you see cinema 4d and at first you have
to go to frame 0 here because if you
edit the text on another frame you will
get an animation with the old checks and
up choose a new frame with your new text
so if you if you go to frame 0 you can
change the text completely for the whole
animation if you are on the frame 0 you
choose the text object here you can see
the text click on the text object here
the text field and now you change the
text into your favorite text for example
tutorial and if you make a preview of
the animation you'll see it works and
now you have your new text so - yeah
that's it it's easy and simple check
just a few minutes now you can render
this animation and I choose some render
settings you can use it or change it if
you want yeah thank you for watching
this short tutorial comment rate and see
you later